README.md, before:

# vrnd-playing-with-fido-by-taurean-boyd
The final project for the Udacity VR Nanodegree.

## Description
In this experience, the player will get to play with their new dog Fido in their backyard. The goal is for the player to get Fido to love him/her by interacting with him. The player will be able to do things like: pet Fido, play fetch, and issue voice commands. Once the Fido fully loves the player, there will be a celebration. This experience is supposed to be a joyful experience.

## Assets Used:
 - Puppy Bark Sound Clip: http://soundbible.com/393-Puppy-Dog-Barking.html
 - Dog Model and Animations: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/animals/dog-package-71282
 - Soccer Ball: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/low-polygon-soccer-ball-84382
 - Grass, Trees, Fence: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/low-poly-free-pack-58821
 - House: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/low-poly-buildings-lite-98836
 - Background Sound Clip by stephan: http://soundbible.com/1661-Sunny-Day.html
 - Victory Music (Hey!) by Bensound: https://www.bensound.com/
 - Birds in Tree Sound Clip by : http://soundbible.com/2207-Cartoon-Birds-2.html
 - Dishes Sound Clip by Andriala : http://soundbible.com/592-Doing-The-Dishes.html
 - Lawn Mower by Mike Koenig: http://soundbible.com/3-Lawn-Mower-Cutoff-Sound-.html
 - Particle Effects: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/vfx/particles/cartoon-fx-free-109565

## Licenses for Various Assets:
 - https://creativecommons.org/licenses/sampling+/1.0/
 - https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us/

Commit message:

Adding achievements and platform details to README

README.md, after:

# vrnd-playing-with-fido-by-taurean-boyd
The final project for the Udacity VR Nanodegree.

## Description
In this experience, the player will get to play with their new dog Fido in their backyard. The goal is for the player to get Fido to love him/her by interacting with him. The player will be able to do things like: pet Fido, play fetch, and issue voice commands. Once the Fido fully loves the player, there will be a celebration. This experience is supposed to be a joyful experience.

## Platform
 - Unity 2017.2.0f3
 - Windows 10 (with dictation enabled)
 - OVR Plugin 1.24.0

## Videos
 - Video of the experience:
 - Video of the achievements:

## Udacity Achievement List
 - Scale
 - Animation
 - Lighting
 - Locomotion
 - Physics
 - Gamification
 - AI
 - Speech Recognition

## Assets Used:
 - Puppy Bark Sound Clip: http://soundbible.com/393-Puppy-Dog-Barking.html
 - Dog Model and Animations: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/animals/dog-package-71282
 - Soccer Ball: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/low-polygon-soccer-ball-84382
 - Grass, Trees, Fence: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/low-poly-free-pack-58821
 - House: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/low-poly-buildings-lite-98836
 - Background Sound Clip by stephan: http://soundbible.com/1661-Sunny-Day.html
 - Victory Music (Hey!) by Bensound: https://www.bensound.com/
 - Birds in Tree Sound Clip by : http://soundbible.com/2207-Cartoon-Birds-2.html
 - Dishes Sound Clip by Andriala : http://soundbible.com/592-Doing-The-Dishes.html
 - Lawn Mower by Mike Koenig: http://soundbible.com/3-Lawn-Mower-Cutoff-Sound-.html
 - Particle Effects: https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/vfx/particles/cartoon-fx-free-109565

## Licenses for Various Assets:
 - https://creativecommons.org/licenses/sampling+/1.0/
 - https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/us/
